Performance Engineering Carbon Calculator for Sustainable Cloud Services Our clients Create smart, robust solutions with us, ranging from cloud engineering & data transformation to cloud cost optimization & BI visualization. Cloud carbon emissions analysis tool for assessing environmental impact. Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment.  Efficiently assess the costs associated with cloud management and delineate strategies to mitigate these expenses through meticulous process optimization. Implement encryption for data in use, in addition to securing data in transit and data at rest, through the utilization of Confidential Computing. This approach involves a combination of hardware-grade encryption, memory isolation, and other dedicated services, all of which collectively guarantee the steadfast integrity of applications, data, and workloads within the Confidential Cloud infrastructure.  Confidential Cloud's applications, data, and workloads are safeguarded by a mix of hardware-grade encryption, memory isolation, and other services that ensure workload, data, and platform integrity.  Collaborate with our security specialists to enhance risk management, compliance, and governance. Leverage our expertise to build a secure digital environment. By working with our security specialists, you may better manage your risks, compliance, and governance. We have the necessary knowledge and capabilities to assist you in creating a safe digital environment.  Automation drives efficient operations, enhances transparency, and expands reporting capabilities for companies. Automation is the transformation that a company needs to make operations function more efficiently while also boosting transparency and reporting possibilities.  Facilitates enterprises in the deployment, administration, and scalability of applications through Kubernetes-driven container orchestration using Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform.  Take a look at some of our most impactful projects. Our dedicated team of skilled professionals have worked on numerous successful projects to date. These are some of the Case Studies that emphasize the unique challenges and opportunities our team worked through to meet the project expectations. A software that’s intelligent enough to comprehend and record multi-person conversations. A solution to calculate the cloud management cost & suggest ways to reduce the cost by optimizing processes. Track and analyze cloud carbon emissions, minimizing environmental impact. Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment.  Infobell IT is a next-gen customer experience company, defining and delivering transformative experiences for the global and most innovative companies. With the combination of digital and human intelligence, Infobell IT becomes the preferred partner for managing end-to-end customer journeys. Our cutting-edge technology and innovative solutions are designed to enhance your productivity and efficiency. With Infobell IT, you can stay ahead of the curve and achieve your business goals with ease. We take pride in delivering true value to enterprises and start-ups alike since 2016. Our driven and dedicated team of engineers ensures that Infobell IT consistently delivers high-quality services to our customers. Our ever-improving track record is a testimony to this. From the initial concept to final delivery, we prioritize open communication and understanding our clients' unique needs. All companies face a dual challenge in today's fast-moving world. They must optimize their current IT solution while creating the future.  We start by gathering essential information needed to develop your potential idea/project solution followed by understanding the user's pain points and performing extensive competition research. We start by gathering essential information needed to develop your potential idea/project solution followed by understanding the user's pain pointsand performing extensive competition research.  Understanding user behavior, needs, and motivations to utilize the product or solution is critical. The success or failure of any product/solution is ultimately determined by the end-user. Right from wireframing and iterative prototyping to product design & development, focusing on creating user-centered products with the latest technologies. It is critical to test a product/solution with a variety of user groups. Collecting user feedback early on contributes to the excellent precision of usability. The visionary minds behind our success, leading with passion, expertise, and a commitment to innovation. All companies face a dual challenge in today's fast-moving world. They must optimize their current IT solution while creating the future.   <a href="./team.html" class="ib-link ib-rmore">Know more</a>  CEO CTO Vice President ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Our team of Seasoned Professionals is capable of bringing your new and innovative ideas into smart & simple solutions. Meet Ramana Bandili, our esteemed CEO, a veteran leader in successful product development and IT services. With a remarkable background, Ramana has driven large business units at HP, built an innovative performance engineering team and lab for AMD in India, and contributed to multiple Telecom initiatives during the early stages of his career with the central government. As a key architect and Product Manager, he played a pivotal role in developing a world-class telecom product that was later sold to MCI WorldCom as part of a start-up company. Veteran leader in building & driving successful product development and IT services. Driven several large size business units at HP. Built an innovative performance engineering team and lab for AMD in India. Started career with central government as research and development engineer and contributed to multiple Telecom initiatives. Key architect and Product Manager in developing a world-class telecom product that was sold to MCI WorldCom as part of a start-up company. Serial entrepreneur, built and sold couple of start-up companies with niche products.  Ramana is a serial entrepreneur, having built and sold a couple of start-up companies with niche products. With a degree in Electronics and Communication engineering and over 30 years of IT experience, Ramana firmly believes in the mantra "Customer Success is our success," and they lead teams with a customer-centric approach. Emphasizing the power of teamwork, Ramana encourages and empowers teams to take calculated risks, believing that together they can achieve wonders. In Electronics and Communication engineering with 30+ years of IT experience. Ramana strongly believes "Customer Success is our success" and drive teams with customer perspective. Ramana strongly believes that teamwork can create wonders and encourage/empower teams to take calculated risks  Karthik worked at Cisco Systems Inc, San Jose for 15 years and was the chief architect of Cisco Data Intelligence Platform, a cloud-scale architecture, bringing together big data, AI/compute farm, and storage tiers to work together as a single entity. He drove the big data solutions portfolio at Cisco UCS solution team owning architecture, strategy, and roadmap. As part of the big data solutions, Karthik collaborated and architected big data solutions on Cisco UCS with over 20 ISV/IHV partners including Cloudera, Hortonworks, MapR, IBM, Pivotal, DataStax, MinIO, Nvidia, Intel, AMD, Xilinx, Couchbase, and MemSQL. Karthik holds 9 patents in the field of Big data and Cloud at Cisco Systems, USA. He represented Cisco in industry-standard committees being the primary representative from Cisco for TPC (Transaction Processing Performance Council) and was the chair for TPCx-IoT sub-committee from 2017 to 2019. Malini has over 30 years of experience in the IT industry. Her key strengths are in managing applications development, management and Modernization projects with complex functionalities. She used to lead the Microsoft Technology practice for HP Global Delivery Application Services, India Centre with over 400 people. She was responsible for the capability and capacity building in the group from inception. She was responsible for strategizing and envisioning the roadmap for the Microsoft practice for HP Global Delivery. Her capability to work with Microsoft India and aggressively build the relationship to higher levels has ensured collaborative participation of Microsoft architects in trainings as well as proposing solutions to HP’s customers. She used to head the Worldwide Global Delivery .NET Centre of Excellence and was responsible for guiding the other centres for building expertise in the Microsoft Technology application services. ©2021-2023 Infobellit pvt. limited
As the IT industry expands, the environmental impact of data centers and cloud services becomes increasingly evident. Carbon emissions linked to IT operations are a substantial contributor to climate change. Therefore, it is crucial that we prioritize sustainability by reducing our carbon footprint. At Infobell IT, we recognize the gravity of this issue and are committed to driving change. Leveraging innovative technologies, energy-efficient infrastructure, and sustainable practices, we offer solutions that help monitor and reduce carbon footprints effectively. Together, we can make a meaningful impact and pave the way for a more sustainable future. Infobell IT is a product engineering company specializing in Cloud Migration, Confidential Computing, Performance Engineering, Sustainability, Compliance Automation, and High-Performance Computing. By combining AI and human intelligence, Infobell IT has helped many customers with their digital transformation. With a focus on scalability, sustainability, reliability, and security, Infobell IT has helped businesses achieve their goals faster. Infobell IT has demonstrated deep expertise and leadership in the area of sustainability and has successfully delivered the Carbon Calculator for a large Cloud Service Provider (CSP). This Carbon Calculator is integrated to customer billing providing Carbon footprint based on services used across projects, and regions over time. Infobell IT has deep Expertise in GHG Protocol (ghgprotocol.org) and methodology which is the industry standard for Carbon Emission Calculation. It has fully developed Carbon Calculator for one of the large CSP starting with requirement gathering, design, development and testing. Infobell IT also has expertise working with Third Party Auditors for GHG Protocol to get product approved. Infobell IT can work with you in your environment, be it on premise, hybrid or multi-cloud and help. Infobell IT can work with you to build Carbon Calculator which extends its capabilities to Hybrid Cloud, On-Premises and Multi-cloud, offering a thorough evaluation of environmental impact. By analyzing on-premises deployments encompassing multiple server configurations and CPU generations, we enable clients to make decisions on their sustainability efforts. This enables businesses to not only embrace the efficiency of cloud solutions but also gain a nuanced understanding of their environmental footprint within the hybrid cloud paradigm. The Carbon Calculator extends seamlessly into the area of multi-Cloud environments as well, catering to the diverse range of cloud service providers (CSPs) businesses may use. For enquiries, email us at sales@infobellit.com (mailto:sales@infobellit.com)  ©2021-2023 Infobellit pvt. limited
Infobell IT is set to be a significant presence in the IT industry, while empowering businesses to harness the full potential of technology for sustainable growth and success. With core expertise in areas such as Cloud Migration & Modernization, Confidential Computing, Compliance Automation, Performance Engineering, High Performance Computing, as well as Carbon Footprint and Sustainability, we stand ready to transform challenges into opportunities. Infobell IT is set to be a trailblazing force in the IT industry, while empowering businesses to harness the full potential of technology for sustainable growth and success. With core expertise in areas such as Cloud Migration & Modernization, Confidential Computing, Compliance Automation, Performance Engineering, High Performance Computing, as well as Carbon Footprint and Sustainability, we stand ready to transform challenges into opportunities.  Our commitment revolves around delivering top-tier product engineering services tailored to businesses across all scales. We aspire to be the go-to partner for comprehensive IT solutions, setting new standards through our unwavering commitment to delivering cutting-edge services and fostering impactful collaborations. Our mission is to actualize our vision by delivering superior product engineering services. We are dedicated to becoming the preferred partner for comprehensive IT solutions, driving impactful collaborations by combining creative strength, client-centricity, and agile expertise in an ever-evolving digital landscape. We are dedicated to creating an exceptional customer experience, consistently exceeding expectations. We are also committed to giving back to our community by leveraging our expertise to nurture and educate the next generation of technology professionals.  We view every project as an opportunity to prove ourselves: it's our goal to help your business grow. We want to deliver a solution you can be proud of, and we won't stop until you are satisfied. Every action we take is transparent and honest, and we communicate with you from start to finish. The visionary minds behind our success, leading with passion, expertise, and a commitment to innovation. All companies face a dual challenge in today's fast-moving world. They must optimize their current IT solution while creating the future.   Know more (./team.html)  CEO CTO Vice President It’s our central hub for operations, where creativity thrives and collaborative efforts culminate, nurturing an environment that propels technology forward. Modern life is office life. We don’t know if it’s the future our ancestors dreamed of, but here we are.  3rd Floor, Cube Karle Town Centre, 100 Ft, Nada Prabhu Kempe Gowda Main Rd, next to Nagavara, Bengaluru - 560045 info@infobellit.com (mailto:info@infobellit.com)  ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
A simple to punch in and out, as well as login, using only a live picture from your camera, tablets, kiosks, and smartphones. Punchin makes it simple to punch in and out, as well as login, using only a live picture from your camera, tablets, kiosks, and smartphones. One big challenge we encountered was that diverse expressions of the same person are crucial considerations that cannot be neglected. Human emotions, in particular macro-expressions such as pleasure, sorrow, rage, contempt, fear, and surprise. Variations in lighting, emotion, position, and occlusion should all be accommodated by an ideal face recognition system. It should be scalable to a big number of users that require minimum image capture during registration while avoiding sophisticated architecture at the same time. When we originally started Punchin, we wanted to address every problem that business owners had with managing employee time - a desire that sprang from our own frustration with balancing manual timekeeping as our company grew. Our experiences with attendance systems, as well as input from our clients about their own time clock system difficulties, prompted us to make enhancements to our Punchin vision. You can remotely monitor and get up-to-date attendance reports from any location at any time. It eliminates the need to wait until the end of the pay period to review attendance records. Fine grained control and tracking of where employees can punch in and out is available to the management, including down to the device and geo fence level. ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
We are dedicated to helping you reinvent your business with state-of-the-art technology. Embrace innovation and stay a step ahead of the curve in the ever-evolving technological landscape. We promise to maximise and empower you with automation and next-gen tech. Tap into tomorrow with Infobell. We are known for our agile entrepreneurship, for our client centricity, for the value we generate. And even for how fun it is to work with us!  Being a product engineering service provider, Infobell IT diligently works on every project, utilizing the best practices to ensure timely and top-notch solutions. We offer everything from consulting to product design and development to product deployment as part of our enterprise product engineering services. Infobell, as a product engineering services provider, offers high-quality engineering services such as custom software development, embedded product development, and vision-based solutions to complex business problems using cutting-edge technologies. We offer everything from consulting to product design and development to product deployment as part of our enterprise product engineering services.  Being a product engineering service provider, Infobell IT diligently works on every project, utilizing the latest technologies and best practices to ensure timely and top-notch solutions. We offer everything from consulting to product design and development to product deployment as part of our enterprise product engineering services.  Create smart, robust solutions with us, ranging from cloud engineering & data transformation to cloud cost optimization & BI visualization. Performance Benchmarking (./assets/document/Performance Engineering.pdf)  - Bare-metal, Cloud, and Virtual Environments - Performance benchmarks on various hypervisors Cloud carbon emissions analysis tool for assessing environmental impact. Cloud computing Carbon Calculator (./assets/document/Carbon Calculator and Sustainability.pdf)  - Expertise in carbon footprint algorithms and sustainability - Carbon emissions calculation per cloud service, region, application and customer Efficiently assess the costs associated with cloud management and delineate strategies to mitigate these expenses through meticulous process optimization. Product Development and Engineering Devising and executing the architecture and deployment of comprehensive full-stack web applications across leading cloud platforms such as Azure, AWS, GCP, and IBM Cloud, leveraging Cloud Native technologies such as serverless computing Smooth migration and modernization of pre-existing brown field applications onto the cloud infrastructure, minimizing the need for extensive transformations Execution and migration of Data Analysis workloads within the cloud environment Implementation of robust DevOps, DevSecOps, Monitoring, and Observability features on the cloud platform Efficient integration of Compliance, High Availability (HA), Disaster Recovery (DR), and Business Continuity (BC) strategies within the cloud framework Transference of Data Analysis Workloads to the Cloud platform Implement encryption for data in use, in addition to securing data in transit and data at rest, through the utilization of Confidential Computing. This approach involves a combination of hardware-grade encryption, memory isolation, and other dedicated services, all of which collectively guarantee the steadfast integrity of applications, data, and workloads within the Confidential Cloud infrastructure. Automate the construction of a controlled environment (Sandbox) to facilitate a comparative analysis of performance between various proxy workloads on both standard virtual machines (VMs) and Confidential VMs. Undertake application development focused on the seamless migration of workloads into the Confidential Computing environment within the realm of Public Clouds. Modern tools for next-gen IT solutions Collaborate with our security specialists to enhance risk management, compliance, and governance. Leverage our expertise to build a secure digital environment. Audit and automation (add explanation) FedRAMP Automation drives efficient operations, enhances transparency, and expands reporting capabilities for companies. Digital Transformation and Automation (to be linked to published document) Product Development and Engineering (to be linked to published document) HPC Benchmarking on Baremetal and Cloud platforms Compile time and Runtime optimization for Customer applications Help measuring performance trend with upgrades/patches Application porting and optimization Automation for compilation and deployment Infrastructure/Cluster building and administration Profiling to determine bottlenecks & optimization Facilitates enterprises in the deployment, administration, and scalability of applications through Kubernetes-driven container orchestration using Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform. Green Field Application development on Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform Application Migration from legacy architecture to the Kubernetes platform Comprehensive on-going support for enhanced operational oversight ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Our dedicated team of skilled professionals have worked on numerous successful projects to date. These are some of the Case Studies that emphasize the unique challenges and opportunities our team worked through to meet the project expectations. We promise to maximise and empower you with automation and next-gen tech. Tap into tomorrow with Infobell. We are known for our agile entrepreneurship, for our client centricity, for the value we generate. And even for how fun it is to work with us!  A software that’s intelligent enough to comprehend and record multi-person conversations. A solution to calculate the cloud management cost & suggest ways to reduce the cost by optimizing processes. Track and analyze cloud carbon emissions, minimizing environmental impact. ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Are you seeking to optimize the performance of your business-critical systems and unlock their full potential? Look no further!  Infobell IT solutions is a leading product consulting company that specializes in performance engineering IT services and provides cutting-edge solutions to solve complex business problems. With our expertise, we empower entrepreneurs and Fortune 500 companies alike to achieve unmatched performance and efficiency in their IT environments. Unparalleled Expertise: With years of experience in the field, our team of performance engineers, senior leads, developers, engineers, and solutions architects possess unmatched expertise in optimizing systems for maximum performance. We are committed to delivering superior results that exceed your expectations. Customized Solutions: We understand that every business has unique requirements. That's why we offer tailor-made solutions to address your specific challenges. Whether you need performance benchmarking, automation of OLTP and OLAP workloads, or big data solutions, we have the expertise to meet your needs. Strategic Partnerships: We have established strong partnerships with leading processor companies, allowing us to leverage their cutting-edge technologies and tools. By working closely with these industry giants, we ensure that our clients benefit from the latest advancements in performance engineering. Performance Benchmarking: Our team is proficient in running SPEC and TPC benchmarks to assess system performance accurately. By employing rigorous testing methodologies and analyzing the results, we identify bottlenecks, optimize resource utilization, and fine-tune your systems for optimal performance. Automation of Workloads: We excel in building robust Python frameworks for automating OLTP and OLAP workloads. Our automation solutions help you streamline processes, reduce manual effort, and improve overall system efficiency, enabling you to focus on driving business growth. Extensive Team: Our diverse team comprises 80 junior employees, as well as senior leads, developers, engineers, and solutions architects. This blend of talent enables us to tackle projects of any size and complexity while ensuring the highest quality standards. Modern tools for next-gen IT solutions Infobell also provide services in various sectors. We would love to help you build world class products We guide clients through the transition to transformation and maximize their ROI through our Advanced Web & Mobile Applications. Infobell builds a bespoke strategy to match your company objectives by leveraging flexible delivery methods, industry best practices, and highly experienced Application Development & Management teams. Advanced cloud solutions from InfoBell assist enterprises in transforming their digital landscape to become more flexible and scalable. We use cloud computing to supply a wide range of IT resources to fulfill the changing business demands of its clients. Cloud managed services work as an extension arm for enterprises, efficiently managing their cloud resources. Infobell represents tried-and-true DevSecOps solutions, providing organizations with cutting-edge solutions for every stage of the DevOps and DevSecOps lifecycles, with security integrated at every step. Collaborative planning, rapid code builds, iterative testing, rapid release, optimal deployment, and continuing monitoring are all supported by these technologies, which feed into the next wave of planning. Right-sizing and right-costing measures are something we assist IT Strategy and Operations Professionals with. We enable cost optimization by altering the technical specifications of cloud-based services. Savings achieved through the use of commercial licensing mechanisms are known as right-costing savings. At Infobell, we have a team of seasoned professionals which can help you reduce cloud costs. Make more informed business decisions faster with ready-to-use AI that analysts and business stakeholders can both understand and apply.Uncover hidden correlations in your complex data and establish AI via scenario modeling. AI-generated recommendations with one-click access to advanced analytics can be integrated into the flow of daily work to help you make better decisions. ©2021-2023 Infobellit pvt. limited
Performance Engineering Carbon Calculator for Sustainable Cloud Services Our clients Create smart, robust solutions with us, ranging from cloud engineering & data transformation to cloud cost optimization & BI visualization. Cloud carbon emissions analysis tool for assessing environmental impact. Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment.  Efficiently assess the costs associated with cloud management and delineate strategies to mitigate these expenses through meticulous process optimization. Implement encryption for data in use, in addition to securing data in transit and data at rest, through the utilization of Confidential Computing. This approach involves a combination of hardware-grade encryption, memory isolation, and other dedicated services, all of which collectively guarantee the steadfast integrity of applications, data, and workloads within the Confidential Cloud infrastructure.  Confidential Cloud's applications, data, and workloads are safeguarded by a mix of hardware-grade encryption, memory isolation, and other services that ensure workload, data, and platform integrity.  Collaborate with our security specialists to enhance risk management, compliance, and governance. Leverage our expertise to build a secure digital environment. By working with our security specialists, you may better manage your risks, compliance, and governance. We have the necessary knowledge and capabilities to assist you in creating a safe digital environment.  Automation drives efficient operations, enhances transparency, and expands reporting capabilities for companies. Automation is the transformation that a company needs to make operations function more efficiently while also boosting transparency and reporting possibilities.  Facilitates enterprises in the deployment, administration, and scalability of applications through Kubernetes-driven container orchestration using Red Hat OpenShift Container Platform.  Take a look at some of our most impactful projects. Our dedicated team of skilled professionals have worked on numerous successful projects to date. These are some of the Case Studies that emphasize the unique challenges and opportunities our team worked through to meet the project expectations. A software that’s intelligent enough to comprehend and record multi-person conversations. A solution to calculate the cloud management cost & suggest ways to reduce the cost by optimizing processes. Track and analyze cloud carbon emissions, minimizing environmental impact. Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment.  Infobell IT is a next-gen customer experience company, defining and delivering transformative experiences for the global and most innovative companies. With the combination of digital and human intelligence, Infobell IT becomes the preferred partner for managing end-to-end customer journeys. Our cutting-edge technology and innovative solutions are designed to enhance your productivity and efficiency. With Infobell IT, you can stay ahead of the curve and achieve your business goals with ease. We take pride in delivering true value to enterprises and start-ups alike since 2016. Our driven and dedicated team of engineers ensures that Infobell IT consistently delivers high-quality services to our customers. Our ever-improving track record is a testimony to this. From the initial concept to final delivery, we prioritize open communication and understanding our clients' unique needs. All companies face a dual challenge in today's fast-moving world. They must optimize their current IT solution while creating the future.  We start by gathering essential information needed to develop your potential idea/project solution followed by understanding the user's pain points and performing extensive competition research. We start by gathering essential information needed to develop your potential idea/project solution followed by understanding the user's pain pointsand performing extensive competition research.  Understanding user behavior, needs, and motivations to utilize the product or solution is critical. The success or failure of any product/solution is ultimately determined by the end-user. Right from wireframing and iterative prototyping to product design & development, focusing on creating user-centered products with the latest technologies. It is critical to test a product/solution with a variety of user groups. Collecting user feedback early on contributes to the excellent precision of usability. The visionary minds behind our success, leading with passion, expertise, and a commitment to innovation. All companies face a dual challenge in today's fast-moving world. They must optimize their current IT solution while creating the future.   <a href="./team.html" class="ib-link ib-rmore">Know more</a>  CEO CTO Vice President ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
We want to find out how we can solve problems specific to your business - fill in the form so we can get talking. It’s our central hub for operations, where creativity thrives and collaborative efforts culminate, nurturing an environment that propels technology forward. Modern life is office life. We don’t know if it’s the future our ancestors dreamed of, but here we are.  3rd Floor, Cube Karle Town Centre, 100 Ft, Nada Prabhu Kempe Gowda Main Rd, next to Nagavara, Bengaluru - 560045 info@infobellit.com (mailto:info@infobellit.com)  ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
A solution to calculate the cloud management cost & suggest ways to reduce the cost by optimizing processes. A solution to calculate the cloud management cost & suggest ways to reduce the cost by optimizing processes. The key problem was to develop a strategy for cloud cost control. A clear expectation is essential for staying within a budget. Furthermore, analyzing and structuring expenditures around apps and centers will give insights that will encourage cloud users to be more proactive with their spending. Most businesses shift their systems to the cloud to save money. Many businesses make the mistake of trying to take the shortest path when migrating to the cloud. They just move the apps from their on-premises data center to a cloud environment. We intended to help firms who needed to implement cloud computing successfully by offering our Cloud cost optimization solution. Our solution proved to assist organizations in managing and allocating expenditures, optimizing spending, and saving money on cloud bills. We optimize workloads, discover idle and underused resources, and inform you of any vulnerabilities in the cloud environment using a variety of Best Practice Checks for security, compliance, and cost management. ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
A software that’s intelligent enough to comprehend and record multi-person conversations. Transcribe is software that’s intelligent enough to comprehend and record multi-person conversations. You're probably aware that voice recognition technology needs a large amount of operating memory and up-to-date, functional hardware. One of the most difficult challenges we came through was background noise. We must cope with cross-talk, white noise, and other signal muddying effects, especially when speech recognition software departs the limits of the personal computer to occupy smart devices in a variety of situations. Speech recognition is useless if it is not accurate. These all challenges extend well beyond the coding of algorithms, data processing, and other technological difficulties. This conference transcribing software not only provides accurate, real-time transcription but also summaries it for easy access. This increases productivity by allowing team members to access call recordings and transcriptions in the context of all of your conversations. Transcribe came out as an Office Intelligent Service that brings the cloud's power to Office products to help you save time and get better results. Infobell, as a product engineering services provider, offers high-quality engineering services such as custom software development, embedded product development, and vision-based solutions to complex business problems using cutting-edge technologies. We offer everything from consulting to product design and development to product deployment as part of our enterprise product engineering services. ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Performance Engineering is a systematic and proactive approach to developing software applications that meet expected performance objectives. It involves optimizing the architectural design, coding and implementation choices made by engineers, encompassing technologies, practices, processes, and frameworks. By employing quantitative methods and mathematical models, performance engineering evaluates and predicts performance characteristics, allowing engineering teams to make informed early decisions.  ./assets/document/Performance Engineering.pdf  Performance Engineering (./assets/document/Performance Engineering.pdf)  (./assets/document/Performance Engineering.pdf)  Infobell IT has demonstrated its expertise in Performance Engineering and is the only IT company from India to be recognized as a professional affiliate with TPC.org. Customized Solutions: We understand that every business has unique requirements. That's why we offer tailor-made solutions to address your specific challenges. Whether you need performance benchmarking, automation of OLTP and OLAP workloads, or big data solutions, we have the expertise to meet your needs. TPC.org refers to the Transaction Processing Performance Council (TPC), a non-profit organization that defines transaction processing and database benchmarks. The TPC benchmarks are designed to simulate real-world applications and workloads to provide meaningful and objective performance comparisons across different hardware and software platforms. The results obtained from these benchmarks allow vendors and users to make informed decisions when selecting hardware and software configurations that best suit their needs. Infobell IT has been helping server vendors, chip manufacturers and many of the top 5 Cloud Service Providers (CSP) in performance tuning by running TPC benchmarks as workloads on cloud and on-premises and also helping customers identify better performing architectures for their workloads. Infobell IT is a member of SPEC showcasing its expertise in the field of performance engineering. SPEC.org, also known as the Standard Performance Evaluation Corporation, is a non-profit organization that develops and maintains standardized benchmarks for evaluating the performance of computer systems and components. Infobell IT has expertise in running and performance tuning for the following workloads on both on-premises, virtual and cloud deployments: For enquiries, email us at sales@infobellit.com (mailto:sales@infobellit.com)  ©2021-2023 Infobellit pvt. limited
Track and analyze cloud carbon emissions, minimizing environmental impact. Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment.  Cloud carbon emissions measurement and analysis tool to determine the impact on our environment. The real challenge was gathering consumption statistics (compute, storage, networking, and so on) from major cloud providers and calculating expected energy (Watt-Hours) and greenhouse gas emissions represented as carbon dioxide equivalents. These visualizations are required to be shown on a dashboard for developers, sustainability leaders, and other stakeholders in a business to examine and act on. It currently supports Amazon Web Services, Google Cloud, and Microsoft Azure. Our team developed a solution that gives visibility for measuring, monitoring, and reducing cloud carbon emissions. We apply best-practice approaches to turn cloud utilization into anticipated energy consumption and carbon emissions, resulting in metrics and carbon savings estimates that can be shared with workers, investors, and other stakeholders. The end solution pulls usage and cost data from all linked accounts in your AWS, GCP, or Azure Organization. This approach provides us with a more holistic estimation of your cloud energy and carbon consumption, but may be less accurate as we use an average constant (rather than measured) CPU Utilization. Before estimating the energy and carbon emission, we validate whether a given usage is Compute, Storage, Networking, Memory or Unknown. ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Our privacy policy has been compiled to better serve those who are concerned with how their 'Personally Identifiable Information' (PII) is being used online. PII is information that can be used on its own or with other information to identify, contact, or locate a single person, or to identify an individual in context. This document describes how we collect, use, protect, or otherwise handle your PII. We ask for and may collect personal information from you when you submit web forms on our Website, or when you use interactive features of the website including but not limited to communicating with us on live chat, participation in webinars, polls, quizzes, calculators/evaluators, or otherwise communicating with us.  If we sign an agreement, further information may be collected based on the agreement requirements which may include information like your company address. In regular course of communication, we may store offered/provided contact information like IM handles. If you apply for a position with us, we may collect/store your submitted resume and any other additional information you may provide voluntarily or in response to our further queries.  Information That We Collect  When you visit our website, our web server may detect and store information about your system and your location in our web logs. We also use third-party services to collect standard details of visitor behaviour patterns (e.g. number of visitors to various parts of our web page) in a way which does not identify anyone. If you reach out to us, some third-party services may try to relate behavioural information with the information you have provide to provide a better picture of your interactions with us.  We use services that enable us to serve optimized advertising based on your past behaviour on our website. This is possible by tracking usage data and cookies by third-party services that manage the remarketing and behaviour targeting activities. We typically use Google Ads and Facebook custom audience but may use other providers from time to time.  Cookie Policy  Cookies are files with a small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser and may be stored by it depending on its settings. We and our third-party services use “cookies” to collect information as described above. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies, accept only some of them, or to indicate when a cookie is being sent.  How do we use your information?  We may use the information collected above in the following manner:    To personalize your experience and to allow us to deliver the type of content and product offerings in which you are most interested.    To send periodic emails regarding other offers, products and/or services.    To send you event-related updates, reminders and confirmations.    To send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages.    To respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service and support.    To communicate with you about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards and events offered by us, as well as provide news and information we think will be of interest to you.    Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our content and website performance.    To personalize content and present you with advertising, content or features that we believe will be of interest or useful to you.    For those seeking employment with us, we shall use your PII solely for the purpose of evaluating your fitment and for contacting you in relation to exploring employment with us.  Email Management  You will receive an email from Infobell only in response to a prior request for information, expression of interest, or similar outreach. All Infobell emails will include a link in the footer, where you can select your communication preferences or unsubscribe altogether.  Children's Personal Information  We do not specifically market to children under 13 and thus do not knowingly collect PII from children under the age of 13. If you have a reason to believe that a child of age less than 13 years has provided PII to us, please contact us as per the information given below and we will use commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information.  Third Party Disclosure  When you register for a sponsored event, your information may be shared with our event partners. Their use of your PII shall be governed by their separate and independent privacy policies which may be different from this privacy policy. We have no responsibility or liability from their use of your PII.  When Infobel IT Solutions has a good faith belief that access, use, preservation or disclosure of information is reasonably necessary to (a) satisfy any requirement of law, regulation, legal process, or enforceable governmental request, (b) enforce or investigate a potential violation of the Terms of Use, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise respond to fraud, security or technical concerns, (d) support auditing and compliance functions, or (e) protect the rights, property, or safety of Infobel IT, its users, or the public against harm.  ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
Today is a big day to rise what are you waiting for. Apply today and be a part of our team. We are known for our agile entrepreneurship, for our client centricity, and for the value we generate. And even for how fun it is to work with us! Join us on this exciting journey of innovation and digital transformation.  ©2021-2023 Infobell IT Pvt. Limited
